if it was like this any other day it would've been fine

how so?
or why so?

Oh damn sorry I didn’t get a notification
Because it’s my birthday

already?

19th of February
I’m 17

well happy Birthday i guess 17 now?

Yeah

thought you were finally 18

Thank you :)
No way

still having periods?

Not ready for that yet

believe me almost nothing changes
life is only going to be harsher
that's all

But yes I still get periods
If that’s what you asked
Which is odd
Yeah I bet it’s going to get harsher

i mean you have birthday and periods
i don't know if you are happy about it
but in that condition you are more approachable
and somewhat more thoughtful for some reasons

Nah my period isn’t here
But my pms
I’m very sensitive
So I cried today

o hi there

yo
how are things so far for you?

what are you doing if not freezing to death?

i'm home and playing skyrim :)
things are great
since i have a winter break this week
how bout you?

yeah i see
my back kills me from pain and weakening alongside my Friend
but other than that

other than that?

i don't know
you guess i feel not alright

I got sick
and we have this god damn accursed corona virus spreading even in this City too now
how have you been feeling and doing?

it's a shame that you are gone
just like that so easily

Was kinda busy

i see
okay then

Hello tree hugger :)
Worry-some that corona is in your city now :(
Be careful
I’m doing great

good if i die all ends i hope
Saginson — 02/29/2020
helo

hey
i am about to sleep soon

okay
night

night
didn't knew you were still up awake
i got sick but i will do everything to recover somehow
at least

watching a movie

i heard that desinfection liquids are sold out in my City

good

What movie?

aw man
I don’t remember

you don't remember the movie you are watching now?
how is this even possible

the castaway?
maybe?

i see i hope you remember the name next time i see you
Maybe it's the name
though still let's become more sure of it
Good night
and stay alive

night
ofc I will
you stay alive

helo?
u good?

no

well ofc not but you’re alive
thanks for answering :)

why is it nowadays obvious?

because you’ve never said anything about being happy or good
so I guess I didn’t expect that

ah
yeah i am honest with this shit
how about you?
is your life still bright and shiny?

I’m mostly good

good no corona virus
i suppose

A little stressed due to school

thanks for being around
i don't know if anything i've been doing ever mattered or leaved a mark
a positive one encouraging one
despite being bad
but i seriously want to experience joy
and serenity so badly

Remember my promise?
If you live until 30 and still live as you do now I’ll visit you and take you out exploring
If you want or not is up to you then
Good night

why?

because i am going bonkers
seeing so many assholes always having everything going their way without a single fucking thought

alright

about how it would be if things wouldn't go their way
never questioning that all of that goodness they receive aren't everything
asides from this terrible shit which i dealt with since yesterday
believe me i was sitting hours long to fix this shit
and nothing changed
how was your day?

what did you do?
to fix it

reset pluging off reconnecting and fixing with the Windows stupid Failure fixing system
that crap and even took off the wire from the router waited a few minutes
plugged that shit in again and tried to connect once more used the repeater shit to recharge
it's crap again didn't worked either but it has at least signal visible there
nothing fucking worked all because of some stupid braindead monkey asshole

i see

working in a fucking building messing shit up
perhaps
yesterday a total breakdown happened

is the router old?

which cut down the connection simultanously on my brother
and mine no
it isn't much old at all

how old then?

only 2 years or less
it has nothing to do with this router
otherwise i couldn't fucking connect
here and write you what i do
i doubt you know this issue either...
i wish you had more computer or internet know how

ofc not you just said the internet is gone
how would i know?
wtf

some IT freaks easily knows

wish that you had instead

about this shit but all i have to do is asking around the friends that my brother knows

well i am not IT support
i just like technology

you know if i wouldn't had so damn much memory loss
i could already  freaking fucking know how to repair this bullshit
i didn't caused

yeah i know
a great wish, isn't it?

yeah which is why i hate that you cannot be useful for once here...
but at least you are doing well

fuck off

what am i not being right or saying the truth here?

"yeah which is why i hate that you cannot be useful for once here..."
do you like being mean?

no

do you get a kick out of saying those things

but being useful and helping out

because you think you're being treated badly by the world?
fuck off

are things people at times needs

i don't want to deal with such comments

alright sure then change the topic

you hate that i can't be useful for once
i hate that you can't see my side for once

you do not know how much hatred i earned
your side?
show it to me

i hate that you can't see anything but your own perspective for once

but i see too many people around

really?
just not me then?

am i wrong in there? when they often always

okay

are happy and fulfilled too?
whenever i approach them for example in a social media shittery
they are doing alright and they seem to have fun

kei

eating drinking going outside meeting people shit like that

i don't want to hear this

nothing goes wrong
why are you upset?

instead of at least apologizing you make excuses

no i just can't take it anymore how about you being permanently

so implying that i'm never useful is nothing for me to be upset about?

bullied and put into a spot of despair?

fuck off

you are my dear Friend even if you weren't useful
i may have been harsh but that is how i have been treated
and acknowledged this the way i needed to life
any kindness i ever did was for nothing but sadness and sorrow so what do you expect?
can't handle truth?

suck a dick, dumb shit

sorry i wouldn't actually even enjoy that kind of lowlife shit

don't be mean to someone just to show them how it feels to be treated that way
it's evil

What is even good nowadays my Friend?

and instead of apologizing you make excuses
and then just say that i should experience mean comments
aren't you my friend?

you don't understand me that's why you have to complain about me

you honestly make me sad

.....

you aren't my friend if you treat me that way

i am dead inside
wtf

are you surprised?

so friends have to be fucking sugarcoated?!?!

YOU SHOULDNT BE MEAN JUST TO MAKE ME EXPERIENCE MEAN THINGS
THAT IS EVIL

and fucking all the time been served  in Golden plates?

DO YOU WANT SUPPORT OR DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY "LOL DEAL WITH IT"?
WHAT IS A FRIEND?

you have a point
a Friend is someone who trusts each other shares their problem worries
and good times
they do experience together all sorts of things
and actually doesn't betray each other sometimes fights happens too but as long as both care somehow for each other
they are behaving again with each other
that is a Friend
but saying to you that you weren't useful and i hate it doesn't means that you are something to be discriminated

no no

it's simply a statment in my current shitty situation

you implied that i am never useful
i told you it was mean
i was hurt

you are right

did you even apologize?
no
you came with excuses

because i didn't saw anything wrong

then you said it was best for me to hear bad comments anyway
that is fucking eman

actually no

mean*

it shouldn't be the best to hear bad comments

so there's nothing wrong with hurting me?

i wanted to change the topic
there is but you can hurt me too if it satisfies you
i am used to pain
so insult me
to your hearts content

is that what you want me to do?

or do something mean

instead of apologizing for hurting me you just want me to hurt you instead?

I cannot understand your problem so do something to relief your build up stress

i'm done

Why are you done? you didn't even started

i'm done with you

if it satisfies you okay

i'm not the type of person to hurt others for the sake of it
like you

i never really fit into this World anyway
i did enermous good far too much and many times but unlike you my friend
nothing ever turned in positivity
not even the smallest thing remained or lasted
i still don't understand what actually you expect from a broken soul like me
I gave out my care and love my trust and more my belongings even
do you think that i've never been doing this?
wrong
The truth can hurt
that's why we are such fragile humans always going for our feelings or pride and often also are measuring everything in a logical way
instead of supporting each other in bad days giving hope for each other in desperate times
all we do is always ridiculing each other harassing attacking
and even more
have you actually thought i can always gulp this down?
take care you were always very good in ignoring when something upsets you

we are getting slowly  a quarantine report we have to purchase perhaps enough supply since everything will be closed and shut off for a while
this shit isn't dangerous to you but perhaps to me my old man and my mother too so if i should die just know that i actually had no wishes or enjoyment in fighting with you i simply had never a good life
and this is of course marking some people if they never earned help if they never been understood and never been deeply cared about people can become like me
take care and i honestly hope just like in a movie that you will be a better person than you are now and much better than how i am or was.
give people hope encourage them
and don't ignore them if they genuinely are suffering you understand?
have the ability to receive empathy and give back empathy
when it's needed

it’s my choice what I’m going to do
take care

do ever cared for me all these months now? i don't even remember how i am not dead yet but i found a tiny bit of hope somehow to myself and to those who means something to me again but i still feel terrible because of so much that isn't good my own friend who still repeats harassment discrimination and blocks me is only a tiny bit of all this you just came now back to me when all those months you didn't even know if i was alive or not

last time i left, you said hurtful things
i think both are in the wrong, in that case
never reached out to say sorry?

i don't remember my emotions are so damn terrible that i don't see due to the amount of pain i felt what i say or do if it was hurtful i didn't realised it

read

[end]

well you will one day face terrible times and won't be able to come out of it then

At the right time they offer things that are so valuable to others that they profit a lot

that's never all hard working only get's you so far as long as you have the luck to meet the right people
all on your own is impossible given the situation for each Person only together they can create something
even simple words brought as information from mouth to mouth can be enough to support
we spoke enough i am glad tbat you didn't got sick

Same

you are glad for yourself? well that's rude kind of but i was rude too
not wishing you a new year i just took a too direct and too serious view
on New Year

I’m also happy that I’m not sick?
How the hell is that rude?

no no i mean instead of thanks

I care about my own health
Well thank you then

since i cared to say that word

Yikes

now we really got things messed up glad to see you alive
but i feel a incredible amount of deep sorrow
and absolutely see this humanity becoming more and more twisted
which i do not belong into
that's a fact a Promise which is why i wrote that in first place what i wrote
i've never were meant to exist in a corrupted society and World like this
especially after losing the only Person that loved me from their heart and understood me
have a good year i am sure you will

you too

hello

nice to see you today

nice to see you yesterday too
:)

why did you answered so late?
have you been busy?

yes

What took you so long?

I was skiing

damn great

right? ;)

But a lot of things still sucks
tell me about your experience though

I went slaloming
I’m dead tired now
But it was great

nothing more or less?

I ate pizza

[end]

your best friend and this other girl are annoying and fucking immature as hell
making a scene out of no reasons
like piss childs

You were also rude
Just drop it

no where the hell have i been? rude when i just wrote what was true?
nobody cares to ever explain me what has been happening don't fucking lie or twist this
please in your favor now

“and since i know here are many lazy asses around i won't be able to know either way call it a day i guess”
You didn’t need to say that
If they don’t want to tell you, just drop it

which means i was going away from there and simply slept

No need to make a fuss out of it

but i wasn't wrong either
i hate you humans
always twisting shit around as much as they fit best to you

You’re also one

being ignorant and doing all the fucking crap on earth as they fucked pleased

I guess you hate yourself as well

stupid shits
silence

I won’t talk to you now
Shut the fuck up

i just hate all the time this mindless bully mindless

You just make me mad

conflicts
and more

Good day

yeah i was mad too
humans are always filthy and will always be

Next time i will bully too and say to the people don't make a fuss
out of it alright? it's only fair after all

Do whatever you want
If you act like an asshat I’ll let you know :)

Oh i just reflect the same mindless behavior that some other shitheads did to me what is there
of a behavior like an asshat?
i will be the way i always was meant to be unfitting to this despiseful World
and doing what other ones do to at least force my existence into this Sickening World

You don’t need to act like a retard because others do

sadly your friend was that way too though is she a retard too then?
i always think completely before i even lose  a word which you can see by the choice of my words
i go wholeheartedly
unlike other people nowadays

and still feel sick

Get well :)

hello

I had over 40 degrees yesterday landed by a doc took blood from me monday the results will be known
i envy happy and fulfilled people like you guys i never like the way i am forced to live
once in the past there wasn't sooo much cruelty so much devastation to a Person it still existed but not in such a Overwhelming amount now
you are gone i see...i will be resting then

Sorry :( we’re trying to fix his door and i needed to help in one part
Aw man :(
So dangerous to have a fever that high
Hope the results aren’t too bad
Or not bad at all
Gotta go

I don't want to be sad anymore saga
i actually never wanted to be sad in the very beginning
i don't want to suffer why has there be never anyone who were able to help me willingly? by being a good Person

I don’t think it’s good to expect too much out of the world

in the past there was charity
you don't live anything i do live you life a happyful and great life while i live something awful and mind ripping
so how the hell can you say such a thing to me?
so crude so heartless since things one experiences seems to be a joke for those who didn't experience it

yes

you being included you too are seeing my genuine suffering like a joke

why you think so?

due to your answer expecting too much when all i ask for is mercy and salvation freedom

Kei
Karma
The world doesn’t give you things

a place to be happy a place to be accepted and a genuinely comfortable place

You get things if you give

no but it gives to so many other people
why does it refuses asides from games nowadays

The world isn’t fair

this World isn't a trading center

Stop expecting it to be

i know that already more than you saga
why do you always repeat that this World isn't fair? which i already know?

If you give things to others they will give back and that way you have friends
Because you don’t seem to show that you know

you are delusional where the hell have i ever

You keep saying “why don’t I get what others get?”

not given anyone something from me? where did i ever abandoned somebody or didn't helped them
when i could?

Because it isn’t fair
Nothing is fair
Fairness is something we made up because the world doesn’t have it

this coming from your mouth is unbearable

Why?
It’s truth

fairness is something we make that is true
even animals are sometimes in protection
and i've lived and still exist worst than those animals
We have a brutal World

No shit?

even a single piece of goodness
is too much to ask for
you you have a better life saga don't speak
as if you would know how it is to be left alone
and having fever
and losing your strength falling down to the ground

So you want me to say “the world is amazing”
“Everyone gets what they deserve, because the world is fair”

no

“All people are trying their best to create a good place for everyone”

just say nothing about that

So why can’t I speak truth?
Why do you want to silence me?

just simply show empathy like i would when someone is in my place

We all deserve to talk about things

no need for silencing

Then don’t tell me “don’t speak”

charity is dead that's what i am saying
you really get nothing right do you? screw it i cannot write anymore

First you get upset because I talk wrongly about the world
When I tell truth, you tell me to be quiet
?
Good night

you do speak the truth
don't force me to write more i am about to lose conscious....
night

Then don’t
Good night

Hello

hey

what have you been up to this week?

surviving

that’s positive
anything specific you can tell me about?

almost always puking
being in intense pain ripped off skin
i don't know what details are there?
my internet is shit worked barely ever and when it does it's slow as fuck
how about you?

I see
Well I was skiing the past week and now have to catch up with school

ok

I’m a bit stressed but I don’t have any tests for a little while

good to hear i guess

Sounds like your week was shit

always
but today my Internet connection seems to work just a small bit
without dying nonstop all the time i don't exaggerate here

that’s good :)

a tiny bit of a good thing which is norm
for everyone else who doesn't lives in africa or poor countries

For you it’s good

meh

i couldn't even download in time a game that was only available for 5 hours

aw man

life is shit

yes

how could you know about that?
how are you

I’m good

okay if that's all

yes